Add new FAQ about metapackage and include install snippets to intro (#2516)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/index.mdx

- Persist long-running workloads in the cloud, even if your laptop is turned off
- Deploy reusable programs in the cloud

> If you'd like to start using Qiskit Serverless right, install it with pip:

Reviewer: @abbycross I tihnk this is wrong. More generally, I'm not sure if the install snippets throughout the file follow the right style?

> If you'd like to start using Qiskit Serverless right, install it with pip:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start using Qiskit Serverless right away, install it with pip:
```

Reviewer 2: Is this what you meant @Eric-Arellano?

Reviewer: Yes, Abby, that is what I meant. I'm also not sure we need to say "right away"?

I also meant to say that we should probably use consistent wording with the prefix sentence for all the install snippets, such as `The catalog can be installed via pip:`

Reviewer 2: Here's what IBM Style says:

> Use this term, which means by way of, to refer to routing data, such as in “Messages are routed via SMTP”. In
other situations, try to replace via with one of the following synonyms: across, along, by, from, on, or through.

"Routing data" seems very specific - do we consider installing a package the same as data being routed to your machine?

Reviewer: Sort of? I think Becky normally uses "with pip"? That should translate better.

Premium Plan members can access IBM-provided functions right away, or purchase licenses for the partner-provided functions directly from those partners.

The catalog can be installed via pip:
```bash
pip install qiskit-ibm-catalog
```

> ## Qiskit Transpiler as a Service

Reviewer 3: shouldn't we also include some pip install commands for the transpiler service and addons?

Author: Just added install commands for them
